Docs: dockerless builds, runners, polling, server stored waypoint.hcl, more (#1181)
hashicorp/waypoint: website/content/commands/init.mdx

#### Command Options

> - `-from-project=<string>` - Create a new application by fetching the given application froma remote source or from a local project folder or fileon disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-from-project=<string>` - Create a new application by fetching the given application from a remote source or from a local project folder or file on disk.
```

Reviewer: Ah, I know this is auto generated, so maybe the fix is made else where :smile:
